Updating more nav for UI Refresh project (#2018)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/target.md

* **dbt CLI:** These values are based on the target defined in your [`profiles.yml` file](reference/profiles.yml.md)
* **dbt Cloud Scheduler:**
    * `target.name` is defined per job as described [here](cloud-setting-a-custom-target-name).

>     * For all other attributes, the values are defined by the deployment connection. To check these values, click **Deploy** from the top left and select **Environments**, select the relevant deployment environment, and click **Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For all other attributes, the values are defined by the deployment connection. To check these values, click **Deploy** from the upper left and select **Environments**. Then, select the relevant deployment environment, and click **Settings**.
```
